README.md, before:

# Swag
🌐 What is SWAG?

SWAG is a modern, fashion-inspired, React-powered web application built during an intensive 5-day React Hackathon Learning Lab (CODA x SPARKA).
The mission:

Build a fully functional, well-architected, visually iconic React application as a real dev team.

Our project simulates a streetwear marketplace + news experience, including:
	•	🛒 Marketplace with real item filtering, pagination & dynamic modals
	•	🧢 3D-inspired product cards with interactive UI
	•	📰 News Hub with dynamic routing and article detail pages
	•	📨 Contact / Support panel with email & call actions
	•	👤 User Profile & Cart pages
	•	⚙️ Global routing, scroll-to-top behavior & responsive layout

All wrapped in a clean, modern, cyber-streetwear aesthetic.

📁 Project Structure
src/
 ├── components/
 │    ├── Navbar.jsx
 │    ├── Footer.jsx
 │    ├── FooterForm.jsx
 │    ├── MagicBentoMarketplace.jsx
 │    ├── ItemModal.jsx
 │    ├── ScrollToTop.jsx
 │
 ├── hooks/
 │    └── useScrollToTop.jsx
 │
 ├── data/
 │    ├── items.js
 │    └── articles.js
 │
 ├── pages/
 │    ├── Home.jsx
 │    ├── Marketplace.jsx
 │    ├── Article.jsx
 │    ├── News.jsx
 │    ├── Cart.jsx
 │    ├── Profile.jsx
 │    ├── Support.jsx
 │
 └── router/
      └── index.jsx

🛠️ How to Use / Run the Project

📦 Install dependencies
npm install

🧱 Build for production
npm run build

🔍 Preview production build
npm run preview

🧠 What SWAG Solves
	•	Building a React SPA with real UX expectations
	•	Handling routing + dynamic data loading
	•	Eliminating scroll continuity issues via custom hook
	•	Structuring modular architecture like a real-team project
	•	Creating consistent UI identity across multiple page types
	•	Implementing marketplace filtering & pagination logic
	•	Solving conflicts, rebasing, merging branches cleanly

⸻

🚀 Why This Project Matters

This project demonstrates:
	•	Professional-grade React thinking
	•	Ability to collaborate, organize, architect & justify decisions
	•	Capacity to build features under time pressure
	•	Comfort working with Git + teams
	•	Mastery of UI creation, component logic & reusable patterns
	•	Creativity in crafting a brand and aesthetic

It is both a technical accomplishment and a design statement.

⸻

👟 The SWAG Spirit

We didn’t just code a website.
We built a vibe, a brand, an experience —
in only 5 days.

🔥 Modern.
🧠 Structured.
💅 Dripping with style.
⚡ Built like a real dev team.

⸻

If you want, I can also generate:

✅ A TEAM section (with roles, avatars, jokes)
✅ A DEMO GIF banner
✅ A logo for the README
✅ A Tech Decisions document
✅ A Retrospective.md

Just tell me — I’ll make it iconic.

Commit message:

Update README with usage instructions
Added instructions for moving to the project directory and installing dependencies.

README.md, after:

# Swag
🌐 What is SWAG?

SWAG is a modern, fashion-inspired, React-powered web application built during an intensive 5-day React Hackathon Learning Lab (CODA x SPARKA).
The mission:

Build a fully functional, well-architected, visually iconic React application as a real dev team.

Our project simulates a streetwear marketplace + news experience, including:
	•	🛒 Marketplace with real item filtering, pagination & dynamic modals
	•	🧢 3D-inspired product cards with interactive UI
	•	📰 News Hub with dynamic routing and article detail pages
	•	📨 Contact / Support panel with email & call actions
	•	👤 User Profile & Cart pages
	•	⚙️ Global routing, scroll-to-top behavior & responsive layout

All wrapped in a clean, modern, cyber-streetwear aesthetic.

📁 Project Structure
src/
 ├── components/
 │    ├── Navbar.jsx
 │    ├── Footer.jsx
 │    ├── FooterForm.jsx
 │    ├── MagicBentoMarketplace.jsx
 │    ├── ItemModal.jsx
 │    ├── ScrollToTop.jsx
 │
 ├── hooks/
 │    └── useScrollToTop.jsx
 │
 ├── data/
 │    ├── items.js
 │    └── articles.js
 │
 ├── pages/
 │    ├── Home.jsx
 │    ├── Marketplace.jsx
 │    ├── Article.jsx
 │    ├── News.jsx
 │    ├── Cart.jsx
 │    ├── Profile.jsx
 │    ├── Support.jsx
 │
 └── router/
      └── index.jsx

🛠️ How to Use / Run the Project

Move to the right directory
cd ./swag_react_vite

📦 Install dependencies
npm install

🧱 Build for production
npm run build

🔍 Preview production build
npm run preview

🧠 What SWAG Solves
	•	Building a React SPA with real UX expectations
	•	Handling routing + dynamic data loading
	•	Eliminating scroll continuity issues via custom hook
	•	Structuring modular architecture like a real-team project
	•	Creating consistent UI identity across multiple page types
	•	Implementing marketplace filtering & pagination logic
	•	Solving conflicts, rebasing, merging branches cleanly

⸻

🚀 Why This Project Matters

This project demonstrates:
	•	Professional-grade React thinking
	•	Ability to collaborate, organize, architect & justify decisions
	•	Capacity to build features under time pressure
	•	Comfort working with Git + teams
	•	Mastery of UI creation, component logic & reusable patterns
	•	Creativity in crafting a brand and aesthetic

It is both a technical accomplishment and a design statement.

⸻

👟 The SWAG Spirit

We didn’t just code a website.
We built a vibe, a brand, an experience —
in only 5 days.

🔥 Modern.
🧠 Structured.
💅 Dripping with style.
⚡ Built like a real dev team.

⸻

If you want, I can also generate:

✅ A TEAM section (with roles, avatars, jokes)
✅ A DEMO GIF banner
✅ A logo for the README
✅ A Tech Decisions document
✅ A Retrospective.md

Just tell me — I’ll make it iconic.
